Add label selector to ShootResourceReservation plugin (#10492)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/apiserver-admission-plugins.md

Already existing resource reservations are not modified; this also means that resource reservations are not automatically updated if the machine type for a worker pool is changed.
If a shoot contains global resource reservations, then no per worker pool resource reservations are injected.

> By default, `useGKEFormula: true` applies to all Shoots. Operators can use the optional configuration `labelSelector` to limit which Shoots get worker specific resource reservations injected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `useGKEFormula: true` applies to all Shoots.
Operators can provide an option label selector via the `selector` field to limit which Shoots get worker specific resource reservations injected.
```
